My interest in the military's been with me for my entire life. I came
from the family that started out in the military to some degree my father
was in World War two when I was born. He was a navy officer and
was working with Strangelove PT boat engines, another technical field.
He was an officer in the in the spotlight core and was procuring
PT boat engines. My eldest brother was in the Korean War briefly and
my youngest brother did twelve years on submarines as a submarine
officer. So there's always been an interest in the military and I can
remember early in grade school being interest in reading books about
the military. Not serious tones there was an author called Fletcher
Pratt who wrote a lot of stories about the military, historical
books, not really about the military but aimed at young people